Hi and will come back in this video we are looking to see if the user is already logged in.
Before we asked them to authorize us into it let's go into our apt on P wine.
And once again look at why we want to do this when the user arrives at our home page.
We ask them to log in with Twitter and when they do they get instantly redirected to Twitter dot com
for verification.
Then we get the verifier and we have the access token you know all that stuff.
However if they are already logged in it will be nice if they didn't have to re authorize our app if
they were just redirected to the profile.
So the first question to ask is how do we know if a user is already logged in or not.
Well it's simply if the screen name is in the session we know they are logged in.
What do we want to do if they are logged in.
Redirect them to the profile page.
OK.
So then we can just write the code for that really.
Inside the Twitter log.
Once they press the button we want to see if they are already logged in just redirect them to the profile
.
So how would you do that.
I would encourage you to attempt that now
and I'm sure you managed is if screen name in session then will return a redirect to the you URL for
our profile and then mummer that's the method name not the end point.
We are loading dot user above.
So we don't have to worry about that user.
We just have to redirect them to the profile and a flask and what we've already written will do the
rest.
So now we can try that out and you'll be redirected to that profile automatically.
Let's press play which I'm going to I just have to stop that and restart the app and then go into the
page press logon with Twitter instantly redirected to my profile.
And that is my name then.
So I no longer have to go on re-authorize the app because I've already authorized it which is great
.
So that's everything for this video.
Just a quick video showing you how you might go about doing something when you thought about it previously
.
If we are logged in we want to go to the profile shall we.
The only thing we have to do really is figure that out in terms of our code and our process and then
put that in the appropriate place.
Without further ado I'll see you in the very next video.